Don’t worry, what are you and I playing?
Take kill kill. That’s okay too,
You also retreated. Why are you playing with me?
Okay, I am the same, this is okay. I can play,
Crying and calling Grandpa. The one who said this last time,
It would be fine if we had a separate quarrel. Now we can meet Wang Jiji.
Noble one, you have become a king.
Don't worry, I'm not expensive,
You go too. old you,
Want to see it too. Now,
Number one in Wen Qian Tian Jing, what?
I'll go online and ask about the 30 million people I owe my wife.
I know you I admit it
I won't give it if I go
What can you do to me
Even if you have money, you won’t give it.
You were also cleaning with him.
Just let me pay you back
It's okay to pay back the money
In Yangzhuang City
No one dares to let me go yet
I was playing with my phone today
You can't even fight for me
Let me see who dares to be disrespectful to Ye Shao